---
title: "Privacy Policy"
---

**DENO PRIVACY POLICY** 09 September 2024

Deno Land Inc. (“Deno,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects and uses personal
information in order to provide its products and services to you. This Privacy
Policy (the “Policy”) describes the personal information we collect, the
purposes for which we use it, the parties with whom we may share it, and your
choices with respect to such information. For purposes of this Privacy Policy,
“personal information” means any information that relates to you as an
individual and could reasonably be used to identify you. This Privacy Policy
applies to our collection and use of personal information through (i) our
website at [https://deno.com](https://deno.com) (the “Site”); (ii) any websites,
applications or other digital properties that link to this Privacy Policy; and
(iii) the products and services (the “Deno Offerings”) we offer to you on our
proprietary platform (the “Platform”) via the following websites:

- Deno Deploy ([https://deno.com/deploy](https://deno.com/deploy)); and
- Deno Subhosting ([https://deno.com/subhosting](https://deno.com/subhosting)).

By accessing or using the Site or any other digital property that links to this
Privacy Policy, you may learn about Deno and our technology platform, and
registered customers may also access the Deno Offerings (collectively, the
“Services”). To the extent permitted by applicable law, your use of Deno’
products and services constitutes your acknowledgment and/or consent to the
practices described in this Policy.

This Privacy Policy incorporates
[Deno’s Terms and Conditions](https://docs.deno.com/deploy/manual/terms-and-conditions/)
(the “Terms”). Capitalized terms that are not defined in the Privacy Policy have
the meaning given to them in the Terms.

**I. The Information We Collect, And How We Collect It**

We collect the following categories of information, which may include personal
information (collectively, the “**Information**”).

**1\. Information You Provide To Us**

We collect information from and about you directly when you provide it to us.
This information may be collected when you contact us, fill out a form, create
an account, subscribe to our blog, access or participate on our Sites, respond
to surveys, or otherwise interact with us. This information may include:

*Contact Information. *We collect your contact information when you voluntarily
provide it to us. For example, you may disclose contact information to us via
the “Contact” link on our Sites, submit information by mail, telephone, in
person or electronically, when signing up for our newsletters and other
marketing communications, or when you register to attend an event or program.
Contact Information typically includes first name, last name, e-mail address,
postal address, organization, telephone number and other information that
identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you.

_Account Credentials_. When you register to create an account with us, we will
collect certain additional personal information, including your name, email
address, and potentially other information such as your GitHub user name and
public GitHub profile.

In addition to Contact Information and Account Credentials, we may collect other
kinds of information, such as:

- Comments, questions, and requests you may make;

- Information about your preferences, such as your preferred methods of
  communication and the types of information in which you are interested;

- Event and service-related information (such as information required for
  registration, access to premises or online resources, dietary restrictions,
  and areas of interest);

- Audio and visual information, such as photographs, video and voice recordings
  (e.g., from events you attended with us), or security camera recordings if you
  visit our premises;

- Details of downloads from our Sites;

- Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and phone
  numbers), if you contact us; and

- Any other information you voluntarily provide.

**2\. Information Obtained From Third Parties**

We may receive certain information about you from other sources, including
publicly available sources (such as public records and social media platforms),
as well as our service providers and marketing partners.

When we collect personal information from users and visitors of other sites on
which you have interacted with us, we will do so in accordance with the terms of
use and privacy policies of those sites and applicable law. We may also receive
personal information when you comment on our social media advertisements, post
comments about us, or tag us in a public-facing social media post. Personal
information may also be collected by the third-party social media sites that
host our social media pages. These sites may provide aggregate information and
analysis to us about visitors’ use of our social media pages. This allows us to
better understand and analyze our user growth, general demographic information
about the users of these pages, and interaction with the content that we post.
Overall, this information may be used to help us understand the types of
visitors and users of our social media pages and use of the content. This
Privacy Policy does not cover personal information collected by such third-party
social media sites. For more information on their privacy and security practices
please review the privacy policies and terms of use on their respective
websites.

**3\. Information Collected Automatically**

We and our service providers may automatically obtain certain information about
you, your electronic device, and your interactions with us, including the
following:

- _Device data_. We may collect data such as the type of device and its
  operating system and settings, browser type, mobile device carrier, country,
  IP address, and unique identifiers.

- _Internet and other or electronic activity data_. This includes information
  about your interaction with our Sites, emails, and other online content.

- _Tracking Data_. We may collect tracking data using first and third-party
  cookies, pixels, web server logs, web beacons, and similar data collection and
  tracking technologies on the Sites, third party websites, apps and online
  services, and across your devices (such as IP address, browser, type, ISP,
  platform type, device type). Third parties such as advertising networks and
  analytics providers may also collect information about your online activities
  over time and across different websites and devices when you access or use the
  Sites.

**II. How We Use And Share Your Information**

Deno uses the Information for the purpose for which it was collected and in a
manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. These functions include
operation, maintenance and improvements to the Sites, providing our products and
services, solicitation of your feedback, gaining a better understanding of our
customers and visitors of our Sites, responding to your requests and questions,
hosting events, and informing you about our organization, products, services,
events, and other areas of interest.

_Analytics Services_. We may use third-party web analytics services, such as
Google Analytics, to help us understand and analyze how Site visitors use our
services. For more information on how Google Analytics uses data collected
through our Sites, visit
[www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners).

_Aggregated Data_. We may analyze your personal information in aggregate form
which does not identify you personally (“**Aggregated Data**”). The Aggregated
Data may be used to operate, maintain, manage, and improve the Sites, shared
with our affiliates, agents, and business partners, and otherwise used and
disclosed for lawful business purposes. We do not re-identify de-identified or
aggregated information.

_Service Providers/Vendors_. Like many businesses, we hire other companies to
perform certain business-related services. We may disclose personal information
to certain types of third party companies but only to the extent needed to
enable them to provide such services, for example web hosting, disaster
recovery, client survey and marketing, and data storage.

_Reorganization_. If, in the future, Deno undergoes a corporate, partnership, or
business reorganization, we may transfer the Information, including personal
information, to the new or surviving entity. 

_Protection of Rights and Compliance_. We may use your Information to protect
the rights, privacy or safety you, us or others; to ensure our compliance with
legal and contractual requirements; and to prevent and investigate illegal,
unethical, or unauthorized activities (including cyberattacks and identity
theft).

If Deno intends on using or disclosing your personal information in any manner
that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such
anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the personal information is
collected.

**III. How We Protect Your Information**

We take commercially reasonable steps to protect your personal information from
loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. We cannot
guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the personal
information that you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to
and from us over the Internet.

**IV. Data Retention**

Deno determines the retention period for all Information based on the purposes
for which we collect and/or receive the Information and/or tax, legal and
regulatory requirements. In addition to this, we may consider other factors,
such as the nature and sensitivity of the data, and whether we can achieve the
purpose for which we collected the data through other means.

**V. Your Privacy Choices**

**1\. Your Information**

You may request access to, correction of, or deletion of the personal
information we maintain about you, and we will endeavor to respond promptly to
your request. In order to make such a request, please contact us as indicated
below.

**2\. Marketing Communications**

You may opt-out of marketing-related emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe”
link located on the bottom of any marketing email or emailing us at
[support@deno.com](mailto:support@deno.com). We will use commercially reasonable
efforts to process such requests in a timely manner. Please note that even if
you opt-out of marketing-related emails, you will continue to receive
service-related and other non-marketing emails.

**3\. Tracking Technology**

You can choose not to permit tracking technologies, such as cookies and web
beacons, when you use our services, but blocking some types of these tracking
technologies may interfere with your experience.

_Browser-Based Opt-Outs_. You may be able to disable tracking technologies using
your web browser settings. Please review your browser’s instructions or visit
[All About Cookies](https://allaboutcookies.org/) for general information. Note
that your web browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a “Do Not
Track” signal when you use online services. Like many websites, our Sites are
not currently designed to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from
browsers.

_Self-Regulatory Program Opt-Outs_. Two self-regulatory programs are available
to help you control the use of tracking technologies on your browsers — the
[Digital Advertising Alliance](https://digitaladvertisingalliance.org/) and the
[Network Advertising Initiative](https://thenai.org/). Both programs help to
regulate vendors in the digital advertising space. One function of their
self-regulatory programs is to give you the ability to opt out of targeted (or
interest-based) advertising, including the use of tracking technologies, from
their member companies. You can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Your Ad
Choices website to opt out of targeted advertising for participating vendors.
The Network Advertising Initiative similarly assists with opt outs through their
Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising webpage.

_Google Analytics Opt-Out._ To opt out of Google Analytics cookies, visit
Google’s [My Ad Center](https://myadcenter.google.com/personalizationoff) and/or
download the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On.

**VI. Children**

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of
18 through the Sites. If you are under 18, please do not give us any personal
information. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their
children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing
their children never to provide personal information through the Sites without
their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 18
has provided personal information to us, please contact us, at
[support@deno.com](mailto:support@deno.com) and we will endeavor to delete that
information from our databases.

**VII. External Websites**

The Sites may contain links to third-party websites. These third-party sites may
collect information about you if you click on a link. We have no control over
the privacy practices or the content of these websites. As such, we are not
responsible for the content or the privacy policies of those third-party
websites. You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms
of use when visiting any other websites.

**VIII. Important Notice To Non-U.S. Residents**

The Sites are hosted in and provided from the United States and other countries.
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any
information you provide to us may be transferred to the United States or other
countries where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your
country of origin. If you are located outside the United States and choose to
use the Sites, you consent to any transfer and processing of your personal
information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and you do so at your own
risk.

**IX. Notice To California Residents**

Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of
California have the right to obtain certain information about the types of
personal information that companies with whom they have an established business
relationship (and that are not otherwise exempt) have shared with third parties
for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, including the
names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of
services or products marketed by those third parties. In order to submit such a
request, please contact us using the contact information provided at the end of
this document. Please note, however, that we do not share, nor have we shared in
the past, personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.

**X. Notice To Nevada Residents**

If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of
personal information to third parties. You can exercise this right by contacting
us at [support@deno.com](mailto:support@deno.com) with the subject line “Nevada
Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address.
Please note, however, that we do not sell any personal information to third
parties.

**XI. Changes To This Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date stated at the top of this
Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such
changes will be posted on the Sites. By accessing the Sites after we make any
such changes to this Privacy Policy, you are deemed to have accepted such
changes. Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, our
use of the Information is governed by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time
we collect the Information. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a
regular basis.

**XII. How To Contact Us**

Please reach out to [support@deno.com](mailto:support@deno.com) for any
questions, complaints, or requests regarding this Privacy Policy, and include in
the subject line “Privacy Policy", or contact us by mail at:

Deno Land Inc.\
1111 6th Ave Ste 550\
PMB 702973\
San Diego CA, 92101\
USA

**© 2024 Deno Land Inc. All rights reserved.**
