---
title: "Terms and Conditions"
---

**DENO TERMS AND CONDITIONS** 09 September 2024

These Terms and Conditions (these “Terms”) are a legal agreement between you and
Deno Land Inc. (“Deno,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). They specify the terms under
which you may access and use (i) our website at
[https://deno.com](https://deno.com) (the “Site”); (ii) any websites,
applications or other digital properties that link to these Terms; and (iii) the
products and services (the “Deno Offerings”) we offer to you on our proprietary
platform (the “Platform”) via the following websites:

- Deno Deploy ([https://deno.com/deploy](https://deno.com/deploy)); and
- Deno Subhosting ([https://deno.com/subhosting](https://deno.com/subhosting)).

By accessing or using the Site or any other digital property that links to these
Terms, you may learn about Deno and our technology platform, and registered
customers may also access the Deno Offerings (collectively, the “Services”).

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY
THESE TERMS, THE DATA PROCESSING ADDENDUM (THE “DPA”), AND THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY (THE “PRIVACY POLICY”), WHICH ARE HEREBY
INCORPORATED INTO THESE TERMS AND MADE A PART HEREOF BY REFERENCE (COLLECTIVELY,
THE “AGREEMENT”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY OF THE TERMS IN THIS AGREEMENT,
THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.

If you accept or agree to the Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal
entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that
company or other legal entity to the Agreement and, in such event, “you” and
“your” will refer and apply to that company or other legal entity.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify, discontinue, or
terminate the availability of any Services, or modify this Agreement, at any
time and without prior notice. We encourage you to check these Terms and the
“Last Update” date above whenever you access or use the Services. By continuing
to access or use the Services after we have posted a modification to these
Terms, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Agreement.
If the modified Agreement is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to
cease accessing or using the Services.

Deno also offers fee-based products and services (including, from time to time,
as free trials), which may offer access to certain data products and/or services
(“Paid Products”). We provide access to and use of our Paid Products pursuant to
commercial agreements, associated with the applicable Paid Products made
available to you at the time of purchase (each, a “Commercial Agreement”). If
there is a conflict between these Terms and terms and conditions of the
applicable Commercial Agreement associated with the Paid Products you are
purchasing, the terms and conditions of the Commercial Agreement will take
precedence with respect to the use of or access to such Paid Products.

Capitalized terms not defined in these Terms shall have the meaning set forth in
our Privacy Policy.

**THE SECTIONS BELOW TITLED “BINDING ARBITRATION” AND “CLASS ACTION WAIVER”
CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. THEY AFFECT
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY.**

1. **DESCRIPTION OF THE SERVICES; RIGHT TO ACCESS AND USE THE SERVICES**

**Deno Deploy** and **Deno Subhosting** are globally distributed platforms for
serverless JavaScript applications. Your JavaScript, TypeScript, and WebAssembly
code runs on managed servers geographically close to your users, enabling low
latency and faster response times. Deploy and Subhosting applications run on
fast, light-weight V8 isolates rather than virtual machines, powered by the Deno
runtime.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Deno hereby grants you
during the term of this Agreement a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable, revocable right, to access and use the Services solely for
your internal business purposes.

Deno reserves the right to, at any time, and without notice or liability to you:

1. Block and disable any deployments that, for any reason, make the Platform
   unstable;
2. Change the regions in which the Services run,
3. Change which features are supported by the Services; and
4. Modify or discontinue the availability of any other feature, function, or
   content relating to the Services.

You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any
modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Services or any part thereof.
You are free to stop using the Services at any time.

2. **ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS**

   In order to use the Deno Offerings, you must be an “Authorized User”. To
   become an Authorized User, you need to create an account on the Platform, and
   authenticate via GitHub (collectively, the “Account Credentials”). When
   creating the account, each Authorized User must provide true, accurate,
   current, and complete information. Each Account Credential can be used by
   only one Authorized User. Each Authorized User is responsible for the
   confidentiality and use of his/her Account Credentials, including all
   activities that are associated with his/her Account Credentials. Authorized
   Users must promptly inform us of any need to deactivate any Account
   Credentials. Deno is under no obligation to accept any individual as
   Authorized User, and may accept or reject any registration in its sole and
   complete discretion. We have the right to disable any Account Credentials at
   any time for any reason, including if in our sole discretion if we believe
   that you have failed to comply with these Terms.

3. **USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

Your use of the Services may involve the transmission to us of certain personal
information. Our policies with respect to the collection and use of such
personal information are governed according to our Privacy Policy, which is
hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety.

4. **INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY**

The Services may contain material, such as software, text, graphics, images,
sound recordings, audiovisual works, and other material provided by or on behalf
of Deno (collectively referred to as the “Content”). The Content may be owned by
us or by third parties. The Content is protected under both United States and
foreign laws. Unauthorized use of the Content may violate copyright, trademark,
and other laws. You have no rights in or to the Content, and you will not use
the Content except as permitted under this Agreement. No other use is permitted
without prior written consent from us. You must retain all copyright and other
proprietary notices contained in the original Content on any copy you make of
the Content. You may not sell, transfer, assign, license, sublicense, or modify
the Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, make a derivative version
of, distribute, or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or
commercial purpose. The use or posting of the Content on any other website or in
a networked computer environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited.

If you violate any part of this Agreement, your permission to access and/or use
the Content, and the Services automatically terminates and you must immediately
destroy any copies you have made of the Content.

The trademarks, service marks, and logos of Deno (the “Deno Trademarks”) used
and displayed on the Services are registered and unregistered trademarks or
service marks of Deno. Other company, product, and service names located on the
Services may be trademarks or service marks owned by others (the “Third-Party
Trademarks,” and, collectively with Deno Trademarks, the “Trademarks”). Nothing
on the Services should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or
otherwise, any license or right to use the Trademarks, without our prior written
permission specific for each such use. Use of the Trademarks as part of a link
to or from any website is prohibited unless establishment of such a link is
approved in advance by us in writing. All goodwill generated from the use of
Deno Trademarks inures to our benefit.

Elements of the Services are protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair
competition, and other state and federal laws and may not be copied or imitated
in whole or in part, by any means, including, but not limited to, the use of
framing or mirrors. None of the Content may be retransmitted without our
express, written consent for each and every instance.

5. **USER DATA; USAGE DATA; AGGREGATE DATA**

For purposes of this Agreement, “User Data” means (i) any data and information
that we ingest by connecting to Authorized Users’ business systems, including
but not limited to event logs; and (ii) any data and information that Authorized
Users submit through the Services; and “Usage Data” means anonymous, analytical
data that Deno collects concerning the performance and your use of the Services,
including, without limitation, date and time that you access the Services, the
portions of the Services visited, the frequency and number of times such pages
are accessed, the number of times the Services is used in a given time period
and other usage and performance data.

As between the parties, Authorized Users own all right, title, and interest in
and to User Data, including all modifications, improvements, adaptations,
enhancements, or translations made thereto, and all intellectual rights therein.
Authorized Users hereby grant Deno a non-exclusive, worldwide, fully paid-up,
royalty-free right and license, with the right to grant sublicenses, to
reproduce, execute, use, store, archive, modify, perform, display and distribute
User Data: (i) during the term of this Agreement, in furtherance of Deno’
obligations hereunder; and (ii) for Deno’s internal business purposes, including
using such data to analyze, update, and improve the Services and Deno’s
analytics capabilities and for benchmarking purposes.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, we may use, and may permit our
third-party service providers to access and use, User Data, as well as any Usage
Data that we may collect, in an anonymous and aggregated form (“Aggregate Data”)
for the purposes of operating, maintaining, managing, and improving our products
and services including the Services. Aggregate Data does not identify Authorized
Users or any individual. You hereby agree that we may collect, use, publish,
disseminate, transfer, and otherwise exploit such Aggregate Data.

6. **FEES**

Deno offers and Authorized Users can purchase a monthly or annual subscription
for the Services (“Subscription”) for a fee set forth on our website (the
“Subscription Fee”). Deno may add new fees and charges, or amend fees and
charges, at any time in its sole discretion. Payment for a Subscription is due
immediately upon making a purchase for a subscription. By making a purchase, you
agree to pay Deno, through our third-party payment processor (“Third-Party
Payment Processor”), all charges at the fees then in effect for Subscriptions.
Any information you provide to the Third-Party Payment Processor will be
processed by such Third-Party Payment Processor in accordance with its privacy
policy and terms of use. YOU MUST PROVIDE CURRENT, COMPLETE, AND ACCURATE
INFORMATION FOR YOUR ACCOUNT, AND PROMPTLY UPDATE ALL INFORMATION TO KEEP SUCH
ACCOUNT INFORMATION CURRENT, COMPLETE, AND ACCURATE (SUCH AS A CHANGE IN BILLING
ADDRESS, CREDIT CARD NUMBER, OR CREDIT CARD EXPIRATION DATE). FURTHER, YOU MUST
PROMPTLY NOTIFY US IF A PAYMENT METHOD IS CANCELED (E.G., FOR LOSS OR THEFT) OR
IF YOU BECOME AWARE OF A POTENTIAL BREACH OF SECURITY, SUCH AS THE UNAUTHORIZED
DISCLOSURE OR USE OF YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD. CHANGES TO SUCH INFORMATION CAN
BE MADE THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT.

By purchasing a Subscription, you acknowledge that your Subscription has an
initial and recurring payment charge at the then-current Subscription rate, and
you agree that Deno may submit monthly charges, in advance to your chosen
payment method without further authorization from you, until you provide notice
that you wish to cancel your Subscription or to change your payment method. You
further accept responsibility for all recurring charges prior to cancellation,
including, where applicable, any charges processed by Deno after the expiration
date of your payment card.

You may change or terminate your Subscription by emailing us at
[support@deno.com](mailto:support@deno.com). If you terminate your Subscription,
you may use your Subscription until the end of the then-current billing cycle,
and the Subscription will not be renewed after that period expires. Deno does
not refund any pre-paid portion of the Subscription fee. Deno may immediately
terminate or suspend your Subscription for any reason or no reason in accordance
with these Terms, including for failure to pay the applicable fees when due. If
we terminate or suspend your Subscription, your right to use any software or
content provided in connection with the Subscription is also terminated or
suspended (as applicable).

From time to time, Deno may offer free trial of the Services. Deno reserves the
right in its sole discretion to stop offering free trial of the Services at any
time without any liability to you.

7. **COMMUNITY GUIDELINES**

By accessing and/or using the Services, you hereby agree to comply with the
following guidelines:

- You will not use the Services for any unlawful purpose;

- You will not access or use the Services to collect any market research for a
  competing businesses;

- You will not upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available any
  content that infringes any copyright, trademark, right of publicity, or other
  proprietary rights of any person or entity;

- You will not impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise
  misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;

- You will not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to
  discern the source code or interface protocols of any software or other
  products or processes accessible through the Services;

- You will not remove or modify any proprietary markings or restrictive legends
  placed on the Services;

- You will not use the Services, or any portion or component thereof in
  violation of any applicable law, in order to build a competitive product or
  service, or for any purpose not specifically permitted in these Terms;

- You will not cover, obscure, block, or in any way interfere with any
  advertisements and/or safety features on the Services;

- You will not circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, or thwart any of
  the protections in the Services;

- You will not introduce, post, or upload to the Services any Harmful Code. As
  used herein, “Harmful Code” means computer code, programs, or programming
  devices that are intentionally designed to disrupt, modify, access, delete,
  damage, deactivate, disable, harm, or otherwise impede in any manner,
  including aesthetic disruptions or distortions, the operation of the Services,
  or any other associated software, firmware, hardware, computer system, or
  network (including, without limitation, “Trojan horses,” “viruses,” “worms,”
  “time bombs,” “time locks,” “devices,” “traps,” “access codes,” or “drop dead”
  or “trap door” devices) or any other harmful, malicious, or hidden procedures,
  routines or mechanisms that would cause the Services to cease functioning or
  to damage or corrupt data, storage media, programs, equipment, or
  communications, or otherwise interfere with the operations of the Services;

- You will not take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole
  discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our technical
  infrastructure; and

- You will not interfere with or attempt to interrupt the proper operation of
  the Services through the use of any virus, device, information collection or
  transmission mechanism, software or routine, or access or attempt to gain
  access to any data, files, or passwords related to the Services through
  hacking, password or data mining, or any other means.

Although we are not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services, we
have the right to do so for the purpose of operating them, to ensure compliance
with these Terms, and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements.
We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that
affects the Services. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement
authorities to prosecute Users who violate the law.

If you find something that violates our User Guidelines, please let us know, and
we will review it.

8. **LINKING AND CITATION OF CONTENT**

Deno does not object to links on third-party Services to our homepage in an
appropriate context. However, “framing” or “mirroring” the Services or the
Content is prohibited without the prior express written consent of Deno.

9. **RESTRICTIONS**

The Services are available only for individuals aged 18 years or older. If you
are under 18 years of age, then please do not access and/or use the Services. By
entering into this Agreement, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years or
older.

10. **FEEDBACK**

We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments, and suggestions for
improvements to the Services and our services (“Feedback”). Although we
encourage you to e-mail us, we do not want you to, and you should not, e-mail us
any content that contains confidential information. With respect to any Feedback
you provide, we shall be free to use and disclose any ideas, concepts, know-how,
techniques, or other materials contained in your Feedback for any purpose
whatsoever, including, but not limited to, the development, production and
marketing of products and services that incorporate such information, without
compensation or attribution to you.

11. **NO WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

THE SERVICES AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”
BASIS, AND NEITHER DENO NOR DENO’S SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO
THE SAME OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, AND DENO HEREBY
DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AVAILABILITY, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED OPERATION,
AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR
USAGE OF TRADE. TO THE EXTENT THAT DENO AND DENO’S SUPPLIERS MAY NOT AS A MATTER
OF APPLICABLE LAW DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY, THE SCOPE AND DURATION OF SUCH
WARRANTY WILL BE THE MINIMUM PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAW.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE DO NOT WARRANT, GUARANTEE OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION, NOR SHALL WE BE RESPONSIBLE FOR (A) THE CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR CURRENCY OF THE SERVICES; OR (B) ANY RESULTS
ACHIEVED OR ACTION TAKEN BY YOU IN RELIANCE ON THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT OR
ALERTS PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES. ANY DECISION, ACT OR OMISSION OF YOURS
THAT IS BASED ON THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT OR ALERTS PROVIDED THROUGH THE
SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN AND SOLE RISK. THE SERVICES AND THE CONTENT AND ALERTS
PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES IS PROVIDED AS A CONVENIENCE ONLY AND DOES NOT
REPLACE THE NEED TO REVIEW ITS ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND CORRECTNESS.

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY WARRANTY, CONTRACT, OR COMMON LAW TORT CLAIMS: (I) WE
SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS,
OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION RESULTING FROM THE
USE OR INABILITY TO ACCESS AND USE THE SERVICES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES; AND (II) ANY DIRECT DAMAGES THAT YOU MAY SUFFER
AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (I)
MONIES YOU HAVE PAID US IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES DURING THE
TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CLAIM OR
(II) ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).

12. **EXTERNAL SITES**

The Services may contain links to third-party websites (“External Sites”). These
links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by
us of the content on such External Sites. The content of such External Sites is
developed and provided by others. You should contact the website administrator
or webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such
links or any content located on such External Sites. We are not responsible for
the content of any linked External Sites and do not make any representations
regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such External Sites. You
should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect your
computer from viruses and other destructive programs. If you decide to access
linked External Sites, you do so at your own risk.

13. **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

You represent and warrant that you have: (i) all rights and permissions
necessary to provide us with or grant us access to and use of User Data, and
(ii) obtained all necessary and appropriate consents, permissions, and
authorizations in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations with
respect to User Data provided hereunder.

14. **INDEMNIFICATION**

You will indemnify, defend, and hold Deno, its affiliates, and our and their
respective shareholders, members, officers, directors, employees, agents, and
representatives (collectively, “Deno Indemnitees”) harmless from and against any
and all damages, liabilities, losses, costs, and expenses, including reasonable
attorney’s fees (collectively, “Losses”) incurred by any Deno Indemnitee in
connection with a third-party claim, action, or proceeding (each, a “Claim”)
arising from your (i) breach of this Agreement, including but not limited to,
any breach of your representations and warranties; (ii) misuse of the Services,
and/or the Content; (iii) negligence, gross negligence, willful misconduct,
fraud, misrepresentation or violation of law; or (iv) violation of any
third-party right, including without limitation any copyright, trademark,
property, or privacy right; _provided_, _however_, that the foregoing
obligations shall be subject to our: (i) promptly notifying you of the Claim;
(ii) providing you, at your expense, with reasonable cooperation in the defense
of the Claim; and (iii) providing you with sole control over the defense and
negotiations for a settlement or compromise.

15. **COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS**

The Services are based in the United States. We make no claims concerning
whether the Services may be viewed or be appropriate for use outside of the
United States. If you access the Services from outside of the United States, you
do so at your own risk. Whether inside or outside of the United States, you are
solely responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your specific
jurisdiction.

16. **TERM; TERMINATION**

These Terms, and your right to access and use the Services, will commence upon
your acceptance of these Terms and will continue for the period of your
Subscription and/or use of the Services.

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate
these Terms and your access to all or any part of the Services, at any time and
for any reason without prior notice or liability. We reserve the right to
change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the Services at any time
without prior notice or liability. The Sections “Description of the Services;
Right to Use and Access the Service;” “Use of Personal Information,”
“Intellectual Property,” “Feedback,” “No Warranties; Limitation of Liability,”
“Indemnification,” “Compliance with Applicable Laws,” “Term; Termination,”
“Binding Arbitration,” “Class Action Waiver,” “Equitable Relief,” “Controlling
Law; Exclusive Forum,” and “Miscellaneous” shall survive the termination of
these Terms.

17. **BINDING ARBITRATION**

In the event of a dispute arising under or relating to this Agreement, and/or
the Services (each, a “Dispute”), such dispute will be finally and exclusively
resolved by binding arbitration governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”).
NEITHER PARTY SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE SUCH CLAIM IN COURT OR TO HAVE A
JURY TRIAL, EXCEPT EITHER PARTY MAY BRING ITS CLAIM IN ITS LOCAL SMALL CLAIMS
COURT, IF PERMITTED BY THAT SMALL CLAIMS COURT RULES AND IF WITHIN SUCH COURT’S
JURISDICTION. ARBITRATION IS DIFFERENT FROM COURT, AND DISCOVERY AND APPEAL
RIGHTS MAY ALSO BE LIMITED IN ARBITRATION. All disputes will be resolved before
a neutral arbitrator selected jointly by the parties, whose decision will be
final, except for a limited right of appeal under the FAA. The arbitration shall
be commenced and conducted by JAMS pursuant to its then current Comprehensive
Arbitration Rules and Procedures and in accordance with the Expedited Procedures
in those rules, or, where appropriate, pursuant to JAMS’ Streamlined Arbitration
Rules and Procedures. All applicable JAMS’ rules and procedures are available at
the JAMS website [www.jamsadr.com](http://www.jamsadr.com). Each party will be
responsible for paying any JAMS filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees in
accordance with JAMS rules. Judgment on the arbitrator’s award may be entered in
any court having jurisdiction. This clause shall not preclude parties from
seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate
jurisdiction. The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission
of documents, by phone, or online. If conducted in person, the arbitration shall
take place in the United States county where you reside. The parties may
litigate in court to compel arbitration, to stay a proceeding pending
arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award
entered by the arbitrator. The parties shall cooperate in good faith in the
voluntary and informal exchange of all non-privileged documents and other
information (including electronically stored information) relevant to the
Dispute immediately after commencement of the arbitration. As set forth in
Section 18 below, nothing in this Agreement will prevent us from seeking
injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction as necessary to protect
our proprietary interests.

18. **CLASS ACTION WAIVER**

You agree that any arbitration or proceeding shall be limited to the Dispute
between us and you individually. To the full extent permitted by law, (i) no
arbitration or proceeding shall be joined with any other; (ii) there is no right
or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated or resolved on a class
action-basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (iii) there is no right
or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative
capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons. YOU AGREE THAT
YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST US ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A
PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.

19. **EQUITABLE RELIEF**

You acknowledge and agree that in the event of a breach or threatened violation
of our intellectual property rights and confidential and proprietary information
by you, we will suffer irreparable harm and will therefore be entitled to
injunctive relief to enforce this Agreement. We may, without waiving any other
remedies under this Agreement, seek from any court having jurisdiction any
interim, equitable, provisional, or injunctive relief that is necessary to
protect our rights and property pending the outcome of the arbitration
referenced above. You hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the
personal and subject matter jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the
State of New York for purposes of any such action by us.

20. **CONTROLLING LAW; EXCLUSIVE FORUM**

The Agreement and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the
State of New York without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties
hereby consent and agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts located in the State of New York for all suits, actions, or proceedings
directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and waive
any and all objections to such courts, including but not limited to, objections
based on improper venue or inconvenient forum, and each party hereby irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any suits, actions, or
proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement

21. **MISCELLANEOUS**

    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in these Terms, each
    party may during the term of this Agreement, use the other party’s name
    and/or logo for marketing and promotional purposes, including, without
    limitation, identifying Authorized Users as a customer of Deno on Deno’s
    website or elsewhere. You may not assign any of your rights, duties, or
    obligations under these Terms to any person or entity, in whole or in part,
    without written consent from Deno. Our failure to act on or enforce any
    provision of the Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of that
    provision or any other provision in this Agreement. No waiver shall be
    effective against us unless made in writing, and no such waiver shall be
    construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance. Except as
    expressly agreed by us and you in writing, the Agreement constitutes the
    entire agreement between you and us with respect to the subject matter, and
    supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or
    oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter. The section
    headings are provided merely for convenience and shall not be given any
    legal import. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of our successors,
    assigns, licensees, and sublicensees.

**Copyright 2024 Deno Land Inc. All rights reserved.**
